THIS ALBUM WAS DOWNLOADED @ HTTP://WWW.ANARCHO-PUNK.NET

VISIT WWW.ANARCHO-PUNK.NET FOR MORE ANARCHO-PUNK BANDS

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1) INTRODUCTION

ANARCHO-PUNK.NET is a community made BY anarcho-punks FOR anarcho-punks where you can download over 1,500 
complete high-quality albums of anarcho-punk bands! Our main objective is to make this music widely available 
and more easily accessible for everyone, while providing a community and necessary organisational tools for 
anarchists and punks from all over the world to group together and discuss their interests and projects. 
We believe that the internet is a great way to spread this form of music in the true spirit of do-it-yourself 
(D.I.Y.) and we want to use it at it's full potential.

ANARCHO-PUNK.NET offers a wide variety of music - we are not only limited to Punk. We share any bands that 
fit within the site's general principles and, of course, we also share different kind of music genres. 
You will not only find Punk music here, there is also various other music genres, starting from Oi! and Ska 
to Hardcore, Grindcore and Metal.

This site is not only a place to download music, this is also a great way to meet people who have similar 
musical tastes and probably share the same ideas as you. Think of it as a sort of anarcho-punk federation 
making it easier to meet new people and organize together with other anarcho-punks from all over the world 
while having all your favorite music at the same place!

Our goal is to HELP the bands, not to be a nuisance to them. Therefore, if you are part of a band or a label 
and you are unhappy that your music is being shared here, you can send us a request to get it removed from the 
site following the procedure described on the website.

We also target on the global level: this is why the website is available in a few different languages and there 
are various regional forums for punks and anarchists from all around the world.
We also welcome redskins and anarcho-skinheads to join us since anarchist music is not only limited to the punk 
community (and we already publish a couple of skinhead bands!)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2) OUR POLITICAL IDEAS AND POSITIONS

Our community is built and based on the ideas and basis of anarchism, but we are not dogmatic elitists and our 
community is not exclusively limited to anarchist thinkers. We welcome anybody sharing the same interests as us: 
music and politics. Even if you are just curious you are welcome to join us.

However, our tolerance has some limit and we refuse to let fascists and capitalists reappropriate our community. 
The website is a TOOL for people wanting to organize, and is NOT a free tribune nor a place for useless 
ideological wars between people and their different converging ideas.

Please understand that by distributing music we choose to take responsibility for the content of the lyrics and 
that we refuse to spread those that contradict our basic ideologies -- those that inspired the creation of this 
website. 
Also understand that by claiming to be anarchist this site has to keep a minimum of coherence between words and 
action. This site is a sort of a federation of bands and people sharing similar interests - and NOT a 
battleground for political opponents. This is not a place to publish absolutely anything (there is already 
tons of other places to do this), we want to make sure that when you see a band here you like you can be sure 
that others in the list are issued from similar scenes.

We will not distribute the propaganda of the ones targeted by our main political activities, it's as simple as that.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

3) MUSIC SCENE & FORUM DISCUSSIONS : GENERAL PRINCIPLES AND POINTS OF UNITY

Without entering in details, we can define ourselves as being united behind the banner of the following 4 
converging points. You will find a large variety of ideas here, but they all share the same common ideals, 
and this is why we are stressing on these points of unification.

3.1) ANTI-CAPITALISM -- This project is issued from the underground movement: we are strong believers in 
anti-capitalism. This is not the place to publish commercial bands having no common ideals with the rest of the 
bands present on the site. The project is part of the D.I.Y. community, we do not support commercial / capitalist 
projects and this is not the place to advertise your eBay albums for sale or your high-priced shitty music. 
We believe in music for social change, not profit. 
Promotion of the music business will not be tolerated (D.I.Y. distros and non-capitalist labels are welcome).
Capitalism is not a idea we recognize ourselves as part of (not even anarcho-capitalism). We demand that you 
understand that anarcho-capitalism is NOT one of our unification points, so for the sake of productivity please 
keep this debate for another forum.

3.2) ANTI-FASCISM -- We are radically against fascism of all kinds. Provocation from nazis, fascists, racists, 
sexists, xenophobic or homophobic people will not be tolerated here, of course. Like Oi Polloi says, "We are 
peaceful peoples, but not when it comes down to fascism".
We do not support R.A.C. music and demand members of the site to not promote this kind of music here.

3.3) ANTI-AUTHORITARIAN -- Following the true spirit of anarchism, we are strongly anti-authoritarian thinkers 
inspired by the first anarchist philosophers. We insist on the opposition of authoritarianism in all it's forms.
Note that opposition to authoritarian communism is included in our anti-authoritarian ideas, we want to make it 
clear that we will not let this place become a propaganda tool for authoritarians.

3.4) STATELESSNESS AND GLOBAL UNITY -- Another point we insist on is global unity: anarchists deny the 
mainstream principles of borders and nations, so we are radically against all kinds of nationalism and state 
patriotism. We don't recognize ourselves as having nationally based values, so please understand this is not 
the place to write if you claim to represent these kind of ideas.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

4) HOW IT WORKS

Anarchism meaning order without power -- the forum is horizontally structured so all of the 
moderation decisions are coming from the bottom. There is an "Assembly" forum where members can democratically 
make decisions concerning the management of the forums and changes to be made on the website.
A collective of moderators is needed to execute the moderation tasks (messages cleanup, albums listing 
management, ban of spammers and fascists, etc...). The moderation actions are limited to what is declared in 
this document, and is revisable by the community at any time. Moderators are democratically elected and 
retrograded by the community and are here only for technical tasks: all of the decisions are taken by the 
community in the form of Direct Democracy.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

ANARCHO-PUNK.NET is a project launched and supported by a group of french anarchist activists from canada and 
europe who are also behind a few other well known projects that have been active a few years. The site is part 
of "Resistance Network", an online network of anarchist communities for activists and punks/skins. 
ANARCHO-PUNK.NET's webmaster is also behind the world's two biggest french punk/oi! music distribution forums 
offering thousands of albums, and are also the biggest and oldest french-speaking anti-capitalist forums online. 
We have strong long-term radical ideas and also the technical knowledge to make this project become as notorious 
as our others are in the anarchist community, and more importantly to make it last a long time!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

http://www.anarcho-punk.net